Terms and Conditions


Welcome to Eyecare!

These terms and conditions outline the rules and regulations for the use of Eyecare's Website
By accessing this website, we assume you accept these terms and conditions. Do not continue to use [Your Company Name] if you do not agree to take all of the terms and conditions stated on this page.

Terminology

The following terminology applies to these Terms and Conditions, Privacy Statement, and Disclaimer Notice and all Agreements:

"Client," "You," and "Your" refer to you, the person logging on to this website and compliant with the Company’s terms and conditions.
"The Company," "Ourselves," "We," "Our," and "Us," refer to our Company.
"Party," "Parties," or "Us," refers to both the Client and ourselves.
License

Unless otherwise stated,Eyecare and/or its licensors own the intellectual property rights for all material on Eyecare. All intellectual property rights are reserved. You may access this from Eyecarefor your personal use subjected to restrictions set in these terms and conditions.

You must not:

Republish material from Eyecare
Sell, rent, or sub-license material from Eyecare
Reproduce, duplicate, or copy material from Eyecare
Redistribute content from Eyecare
User Comments

Parts of this website offer an opportunity for users to post and exchange opinions and information in certain areas of the website.Eyecare does not filter, edit, publish, or review Comments prior to their presence on the website. Comments do not reflect the views and opinions of Eyecare, its agents, and/or affiliates. Comments reflect the views and opinions of the person who post their views and opinions.

Eyecare reserves the right to monitor all Comments and to remove any Comments which can be considered inappropriate, offensive, or causes breach of these Terms and Conditions.

Hyperlinking to our Content

Organizations may link to our website without prior written approval. These organizations may link to our home page, to publications, or to other website information so long as the link: (a) is not in any way deceptive; (b) does not falsely imply sponsorship, endorsement, or approval of the linking party and its products and/or services; and (c) fits within the context of the linking party’s site.

iFrames

Without prior approval and written permission, you may not create frames around our Webpages that alter in any way the visual presentation or appearance of our Website.

Content Liability

We shall not be hold responsible for any content that appears on your Website. You agree to protect and defend us against all claims that is rising on your Website.

Your Privacy

Please read our Privacy Policy.

Reservation of Rights

We reserve the right to request that you remove all links or any particular link to our Website. You approve to immediately remove all links to our Website upon request. We also reserve the right to amend these terms and conditions and it’s linking policy at any time. By continuously linking to our Website, you agree to be bound to and follow these linking terms and conditions.

Disclaimer

To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we exclude all representations, warranties, and conditions relating to our website and the use of this website. Nothing in this disclaimer will:

limit or exclude our or your liability for death or personal injury;
limit or exclude our or your liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;
limit any of our or your liabilities in any way that is not permitted under applicable law; or
exclude any of our or your liabilities that may not be excluded under applicable law.
The limitations and prohibitions of liability set in this Section and elsewhere in this disclaimer: (a) are subject to the preceding paragraph; and (b) govern all liabilities arising under the disclaimer, including liabilities arising in contract, in tort, and for breach of statutory duty.

As long as the website and the information and services on the website are provided free of charge, we will not be liable for any loss or damage of any nature.